[OSDOCS-7449]: Clarify 'pausing reconciliation' docs for hosted control planes (#63491)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hosted-control-planes-pause-reconciliation.adoc

.Procedure

> . To pause reconciliation for a hosted cluster and hosted control plane, populate the `pausedUntil` field of the `HostedCluster` resource, as shown in the following examples. In the examples, the value that is specified for the `pausedUntil` field is wrapped into the command that follows it.

Reviewer: Until I looked at the code block to see what was going on, I didn't know what "wrapped into the command" meant.

I'd recommend rewriting to be clearer what is meant. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
. To pause reconciliation for a hosted cluster and hosted control plane, populate the `pausedUntil` field of the `HostedCluster` resource, as shown in the following examples. In the examples, the value for `pausedUntil` is defined in an environment variable prior to the command.
```

Also side note for another time, the below commands use "kubectl", but commands in our docs should use "oc".

Author: @jparrill Would it affect the accuracy of the commands here if I changed `kubectl` to `oc`?

+
The reconciliation is paused until the specified time is passed.
+

> ** To pause the reconciliation indefinitely, pass a Boolean value of `true`.

Reviewer: I think this should stay a colon
